Review (#1)
geun-son/armeria: site/src/pages/tutorials/thrift/blog/implement-read.mdx

---
menuTitle: "Implement READ"
order: 4
type: step
category: thrift
tags:
  - server
level: basic
---

# Implementing READ operation

> In the earlier step, we tried to create a blog post. In this step, we'll implement a read operation and make a call to read blog posts. We'll write two service methods, one for reading a single post and another for multiple posts. And here, we'll throw a custom exception and add a BlogServiceExceptionHandler for handling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the earlier step, we tried creating a blog post. In this step, we'll implement a read operation and make a call to read blog posts. We'll write two service methods, one for reading a single post and another for multiple posts. And here, we'll throw a custom exception and add a BlogServiceExceptionHandler for handling.
```

  ```java filename=BlogServiceExceptionHandler.java
  package example.armeria.server.blog.thrift;

  import java.util.function.BiFunction;

  import com.linecorp.armeria.common.RpcResponse;
  import com.linecorp.armeria.server.ServiceRequestContext;

  import example.armeria.blog.thrift.BlogNotFoundException;

  public class BlogServiceExceptionHandler implements BiFunction<ServiceRequestContext, Throwable, RpcResponse> {

      @Override
      public RpcResponse apply(ServiceRequestContext serviceRequestContext, Throwable cause) {
          if (cause instanceof IllegalArgumentException) {
              return RpcResponse.ofFailure(new BlogNotFoundException(cause.getMessage()));
          }
          return RpcResponse.ofFailure(cause);
      }
  }
  ```
3. Bind the `BlogServiceExceptionHandler` to our service.
  ```java filename=Main.java
  ...
  private static Server newServer(int port) throws Exception {
      final THttpService tHttpService =
              THttpService.builder()
                          .addService(new BlogServiceImpl())
                          .exceptionHandler(new BlogServiceExceptionHandler())
                          .build();
      ...
  }
  ```

> Now, Let's write two methods for retrieving blog posts; one for a single post and another for multiple posts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, let's write two methods for retrieving blog posts; one for a single post and another for multiple posts.
```

  import java.util.Map.Entry;
  import java.util.stream.Collectors;
  
  import example.armeria.blog.thrift.ListBlogPostsRequest;
  import example.armeria.blog.thrift.ListBlogPostsResponse;

  public class BlogServiceImpl implements BlogService.AsyncIface {
    ...
    @Override
    public void listBlogPosts(ListBlogPostsRequest request,
                              AsyncMethodCallback<ListBlogPostsResponse> resultHandler) throws TException {
      final List<BlogPost> blogPosts;
      if (request.isDescending()) {
          blogPosts = this.blogPosts.entrySet()
                                    .stream()
                                    .sorted(Collections.reverseOrder(Comparator.comparingInt(Entry::getKey)))
                                    .map(Entry::getValue).collect(Collectors.toList());
      } else {
          blogPosts = this.blogPosts.values().stream().collect(Collectors.toList());
      }
      resultHandler.onComplete(new ListBlogPostsResponse().setBlogs(blogPosts));
    }
  }
  ```

</TabPane>
</Tabs>

## 2. Implement client-side

This time, we'll implement a client method for each corresponding server method.

<Tabs>
<TabPane tab="Single post" key="1">

> 1. Add a method and a struct and an exception in blog.thrift file just like the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add a method and a struct and an exception in the blog.thrift file, as we did in [1. Implement server-side](#1-implement-server-side).
```

2. Add a method in the `BlogClient.java` to retrieve a single post.
  ```java filename=BlogClient.java
  import example.armeria.blog.thrift.BlogNotFoundException;
  import example.armeria.blog.thrift.GetBlogPostRequest;
  ...
  void getBlogPost(int id) throws Exception {
      final GetBlogPostRequest request = 
                  new GetBlogPostRequest().setId(id);
      client.getBlogPost(request);
  }
  ```

</TabPane>
<TabPane tab="Multiple posts" key="2">

> 1. Add a method and structs in blog.thrift file just like the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add a method and a struct and an exception in the blog.thrift file, as we did in [1. Implement server-side](#1-implement-server-side).
```
